{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Long Nguyen - 010806471
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 202 Project Team #15 - Respect XP value
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Week1
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 In the first week of my team project, we discussed about the idea of what type of application we would do, and the content of that application. On the meeting, one member suggested we should do a mini game. When he presented about that idea, everyone in my team listened to him carefully to eval the idea. Then each person gave the his opinion about this idea, what to agree and what to not. We then combined the opinion and decided the final idea of the project. All members were happy with this decision. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 After that, we breaked out the user story into technical chart to find what pattern can be applied to. Anyone found out the pattern in the user story, he present that pattern to others. Others listened and corrected the pattern. We did corrected each other in a good manner. We explained clearly and logically so that one getting correction accepted it gladly. Then we assigned patterns to each member. Everyone raised his desired pattern. We listen to each other and all then got their patterns they want to implement. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Today we have just come to an agreement on which graphic framework we should use for our game. We have two framework, one is better but complicated while another one is simple but less sophisticated. Each member presented the reasons why we should choose which one. Other listened and analyzed. Finally we came up with the simple one because all of us agreed that we should focus on pattern implementation than UI.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Week 2
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Long Thai Nguyen - 010806471
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf2 XP Value: Respect 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Pattern: Decorator And Composite Pattern 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Github account: longnguyen0708
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 In the second week of my team project, we have discussed about the UI wireframe of our game. All of us came to the library and stick there whole day for the discussion. Everyone in my team was in time when the discussion started. Nobody had to wait for the others. This is because each one in my team has the high respectation to others. I do appreciate their spirit. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 When we discussed, each one presented the idea of UI and drew it on the board. Others listened and watched the UI carefully. Then each expressed opinion about the UI. What to agree, what to disagree. I remember when I presented the idea that my team should draw the actors in the game as sketch style. My team analyzed that carefully, talked about what tool can be used for drawing sketch. Finally, all member agreed that our UI should be presented as sketch style. I can feel their respects to me when I presented my idea. Finally, after a half of day, we could come up with the UI wireframe. Everyone was happy with this.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 After that, we discussed about how to implement each pattern and how we combine all individual work into a unit job. I said that each of us should implement the pattern and try to provide the clear API for other to use. Every agreed with that idea. Then we discuss about the what API each one should provide for other\'92s usage. My pattern is drawing the Receipt for \'a0the game with Composite and Decorator pattern. I said that in Composite pattern, I will provide the public draw method and this is called when player finished the round. Fore the Decorator, the public calculate Cost method should provided for other to call in order to compute the cost of cabs in our game. Everyone listened to that, analyzed and agreed with this. When others said about API, I also listened, and gave them my opinion. We have discussed so fairly and respectfully. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Week 3
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 In the third week of my team project, we first reviewed what we have done since we started implementation. Every member presented what features he has done and what he was currently struggling. Other members listened carefully to him. For what done, they gave opinion about what need to be improved. The presenter received the feedback respectfully. Then we talked about want need to be implemented the finish our project. We listed out the problem we wanted to solve. For each problem, everyone gave the idea of what pattern can be used to solve it, while other listened and analyzed the feasibility. I remember when I suggest using observer pattern to solve the problem that every cab receiving the command start must go for delivery and back in the right given time. In my solution, every cab takes the role of observer, which will register and watch the timer when this cab received the start command. On the other hand, the timer as a subject, will notify the cab every when it counts the time up. Every member in my team listened and analyzed carefully it. After a while we discussed, We have decided to use that solution for cab and timmer problem. I feel the respectation is one of big spirit value of my team. I listened the ideas of others as well as others always respect me.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Week 4
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf3 In the fourth week of my team project, we have done with integration of each member coding part to each other. This is one of hardest part of our implementation for the project. all members came to the meeting in time. This is not only because everyone knew the importance of the integration meeting, but also because of the respectation of one to others. When we do integration, there were some API conflicts occurred among the patterns. This is the problem we cannot avoid during integrating. Because everyone knows that, we have solved every single conflict in a very respectful way. For those ones who involve in the conflicts, they listened to the others implementation, try to understand the coding, and think about that one code to find the solution to adjust their code. Each of us did not forced others to adjust only their code, but try to adjust his own code and respectfully find the both side benefit way to reconcile the conflicts. We have worked hard for the whole day and done at the end. The work was quite big, but because We always try to listened to each other, respect other, and think about adjustment of both side, we have finished integration successfully. Although we were very tired at the end, every member of my team was happy with the result.}